Config Parsers and Regenerators for various network vendors

Any respectable NOS, especially one with a traditional CLI interface will let you view the config as some structured data (XML, JSON, TOML, YAML, etc.).  That structured data can be converted into some accessible data structure and then manipulated. Maybe even used for some analysis. Some NOSes will even let you take that data in the structured format and immediately modify configuration on the device.  Maybe even using Netconf.  In a perfect world, programmatically dealing with configurations as they are presented in your typical "show ..." command would never need to take place, but sometimes your typical show output is all we can get and even worse all we can put. Configurations are so 2005, but we all have to deal with them here and there.

So in an effort to update many configuration files, sometimes with dependencies on other configurations, and better decipher long routing policies, I wanted to turn a typical config into a python dictionary.  Some tools were found, not to mention the amazing work of config parsing in FRR and tools like Batfish, but nothing was that flexible and could be used as standalone utility. So I tried my own.  The way it works is that it takes the configuration, parses it with pyparsing (grammar defined in the init function of the class), converts it into dictionary and after modifying dictionary regnerates it as normal configuration.  In case of Junos configuration, things were easier as Juniper is a bit more structured, but with IOS, EOS and OcNOS, some extra work had to take place like using indent to create headings and statements. I am certainly better appreciating Juniper approach. 

So init functions parses, class.config_dict is the actual dictionary and regenerate_config will turn into config that can be uploaded to the device again. This can be entire config file or part of the file, like relevant section. main_test.py has some examples. 
